update gaudi resource driver chart to v0.2.0 (#63)
intel/helm-charts: charts/intel-gaudi-resource-driver/README.md

| image.repository | string | `intel` |
| image.name | string | `"intel-gaudi-resource-driver"` |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |
| image.tag | string | `"v0.2.0"` |

> [!Note]

> > Helm does not support _upgrading_ (or deleting) CRDs to prevent data loss. Only installing CRDs is supported. Details: https://github.com/helm/community/blob/main/hips/hip-0011.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When upgrading, CRDs from previous version need to be removed manually because Helm supports neither upgrading nor deleting CRDs, see: https://github.com/helm/community/blob/main/hips/hip-0011.md
```
